Rank	Gene_name	Description	Ensembl_id	
Biological_process_score	molecular_function_score	
cellular_component_score	phenotype_score	annotations
1	GCDH	ENSG00000105607	0.2635873775029657	0.5828617197479014	
0.8638644833554514	0.0	oxidoreductase activity, acting on the 
CH-CH group of donors, flavin adenine dinucleotide binding, fatty acid 
oxidation, mitochondrion, mitochondrial matrix, oxidoreductase activity, 
glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase activity, tryptophan metabolic process, 
oxidation-reduction process, acyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity, 
fatty-acyl-CoA biosynthetic process, fatty-acyl-CoA binding, metabolic 
process, mitochondrial inner membrane, lysine catabolic process, acyl-CoA 
metabolic process, cellular nitrogen compound metabolic process, small 
molecule metabolic process, 
2	HMGCL	ENSG00000117305	0.31415071302593156	0.6714450251798649	
0.8968742331229438	0.0	response to nutrient, embryo development, 
mitochondrial matrix, metal ion binding, peroxisome, ketone body 
biosynthetic process, hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA lyase activity, carboxylic 
acid binding, acyl-CoA metabolic process, catalytic activity, liver 
development, small molecule metabolic process, cellular lipid metabolic 
process, mitochondrion organization, cellular ketone body metabolic 
process, response to fatty acid, protein tetramerization, manganese ion 
binding, mitochondrion, response to starvation, protein homodimerization 
activity, fatty-acyl-CoA binding, receptor binding, leucine catabolic 
process, mitochondrial inner membrane, magnesium ion binding, 
3	ALDH5A1	ENSG00000112294	0.22761169092642294	
0.37387796094589454	0.7700125202400152	0.0	post-embryonic 
development, gamma-aminobutyric acid catabolic process, mitochondrial 
matrix, succinate-semialdehyde dehydrogenase (NAD+) activity, protein 
homotetramerization, synaptic transmission, central nervous system 
development, oxidation-reduction process, respiratory electron transport 
chain, gamma-aminobutyric acid metabolic process, metabolic process, 
neurotransmitter secretion, glucose metabolic process, neurotransmitter 
catabolic process, glycerophospholipid metabolic process, short-chain 
fatty acid metabolic process, glutathione metabolic process, 
galactosylceramide metabolic process, glutamate metabolic process, 
mitochondrion, oxidoreductase activity, protein homodimerization activity, 
acetate metabolic process, succinate metabolic process, glucosylceramide 
metabolic process, glutamine metabolic process, succinate-semialdehyde 
dehydrogenase [NAD(P)+] activity, 
4	ACADS	ENSG00000122971	0.4209506531384232	0.5678778376771237	
0.8635266640531543	0.0	mitochondrial membrane, oxidoreductase 
activity, acting on the CH-CH group of donors, butyryl-CoA dehydrogenase 
activity, flavin adenine dinucleotide binding, fatty acid beta-oxidation, 
mitochondrion, mitochondrial matrix, oxidoreductase activity, protein 
homotetramerization, response to starvation, oxidation-reduction process, 
acyl-CoA dehydrogenase activity, fatty-acyl-CoA binding, metabolic 
process, fatty acid beta-oxidation using acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, response 
to glucocorticoid, small molecule metabolic process, cellular lipid 
metabolic process, 
5	TH	ENSG00000180176	0.2053022329389097	0.3427751470992875	
0.41829775317395956	0.0	isoquinoline alkaloid metabolic process, 
phytoalexin metabolic process, tetrahydrobiopterin binding, response to 
ethanol, response to water deprivation, eye photoreceptor cell 
development, sensory perception of sound, regulation of heart contraction, 
oxidation-reduction process, amino acid binding, dendrite, synaptic 
vesicle, heart morphogenesis, glycoside metabolic process, eating 
behavior, response to corticosterone, memory, response to peptide hormone, 
response to pyrethroid, iron ion binding, neurotransmitter biosynthetic 
process, cellular nitrogen compound metabolic process, response to 
amphetamine, small molecule metabolic process, response to nicotine, 
terpene metabolic process, fatty acid metabolic process, response to 
activity, synaptic transmission, dopaminergic, melanosome membrane, 
multicellular organismal aging, norepinephrine biosynthetic process, 
ferrous iron binding, response to zinc ion, visual perception, response to 
electrical stimulus, locomotory behavior, cellular response to growth 
factor stimulus, axon, response to ether, response to herbicide, 
anatomical structure morphogenesis, cellular response to alkaloid, 
cytoplasmic vesicle membrane, learning, embryonic camera-type eye 
morphogenesis, circadian sleep/wake cycle, epinephrine biosynthetic 
process, cellular response to drug, heart development, dopamine 
biosynthetic process, social behavior, cytoplasm, cellular response to 
nicotine, nucleus, catecholamine biosynthetic process, cytosol, 
monooxygenase activity, terminal bouton, mating behavior, protein binding, 
pigmentation, tyrosine 3-monooxygenase activity, cytoplasmic side of 
plasma membrane, response to light stimulus, neuronal cell body, oxygen 
binding, response to estradiol, cellular response to manganese ion, 
cytoplasmic vesicle, smooth endoplasmic reticulum, phthalate metabolic 
process, organ morphogenesis, ferric iron binding, oxidoreductase 
activity, acting on paired donors, with incorporation or reduction of 
molecular oxygen, reduced pteridine as one donor, and incorporation of one 
atom of oxygen, response to lipopolysaccharide, neuron projection, 
perikaryon, response to insecticide, response to organic cyclic compound, 
response to steroid hormone, mitochondrion, cognition, synaptic vesicle 
amine transport, sphingolipid metabolic process, response to hypoxia, 
response to salt stress, dopamine binding, response to metal ion, cerebral 
cortex development, response to growth factor, dopamine biosynthetic 
process from tyrosine, aromatic amino acid family metabolic process, 
response to drug, protein domain specific binding, cellular response to 
glucose stimulus, response to nutrient levels, 
